Refactor to pyansys standards (#140)
pyansys/pydpf-post: docs/source/api/result_object.rst

.. _ref_api_result_object:

> **********
> ``Result``
> **********

Reviewer: ```suggestion
****************
``Result`` object
****************
```

Author: It's a class definition, keeping result.

> The :class:`Result <ansys.dpf.post.result_object.Result>` class provides access

Author: Depends on if we're referring to an instance of a class (object) or the class itself (definition). Here it makes sense to refer to a "class".

> The :class:`Result <ansys.dpf.post.result_object.Result>` class provides access
> to different types of result data.  See the example below for access to
> displacements, stresses and elastic strains.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :class:`Result <ansys.dpf.post.result_object.Result>` class provides access
to different types of result data. See the example below for access to
displacements, stresses and elastic strains.
```

> to different types of result data. See the example below for access to
> displacements, stresses and elastic strains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to different types of result data. This example shows how to access result
data for displacements, stresses and elastic strains:
```

    >>> elastic_strain = solution.elastic_strain()

> DPF-Post features separate result classes for each supported result type. See
> the :ref:`user_guide_accessing_results` section for information on the
> available types and their interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DPF-Post features separate result classes for each supported result type. For information on the
available types and their interfaces, see :ref:`user_guide_accessing_results`.
```

Reviewer: In a cross-reference, the introduction should precede the link.
